#summary The steps of how IPMsg transports files/folders

<pre class=prettyprint>
The following steps show how IPMsg transports files/folders:

Step 1: Sender send a UDP package to tell the receiver that it want
	to send some files/folders. The data of the UDP package is formated as:
	UDP_DATA = "version:myPackageNumber:userName:hostName:command:"
		+ 'NUL' + FILE_INFO + 'NUL'
	FILE_INFO = FILE1_INFO + 'BEL' + FILE2_INFO + 'BEL' + ...
	FILEn_INFO = "fileNumber:fileName:fileSize:fileLastModifyTime:fileType:"

	Note that fileSize, fileLastModifyTime are hex format. fileType == 1 when it's
	is a regular file, fileType == 2 when it's a folder.
	command = IPMSG_SENDMSG | IPMSG_FILEATTACHOPT

Step 2: If the receiver accept one of the files/folders, it will build a TCP 
	connection to the sender with port 2425.

Step 3: After the TCP connection was built, the receiver send a TCP package 
	to the sender. The data of the TCP package is formated as:
	TCP_DATA = "version:myPackageNumber:userName:hostName:command:"
		+ "senderPackageNumber:fileNumber:offset:"
	Note that senderPackageNumber, fileNumber, offset are hex format. If it's
	a folder, we don't need "offset:".
	command = IPMSG_GETFILEDATA for files or
	command = IPMSG_GETDIRFILES for directory.

Step 4: Now the sender know that the receiver want which file/folder(it got
	the senderPackageNumber & fileNumber from step 3). If it's a file,
	go to Step 4.1, go to Step 4.2 when it's a folder.

Step 4.1: Put the file content into a TCP package and send it to the 
	receiver. Go to Step 5.

Step 4.2: Send a TCP package that contains data as:
	TCP_DATA = "00e:folderName:folderSize:2:"

Step 4.3: Send a second TCP package which contains all the folders and files
	in the folder described at Step 4.2, which is formated as:
	FOLDER_CONTENT = SUB_FOLDER1 + SUB_FOLDER2 + .. + SUB_FILE1 + SUB_FILE2 + ..
			+ "00a:.:0:3:"
	SUB_FOLDERn = "011:folderName:folderSize:2:" + FOLDER_CONTENT
	SUB_FILEn = "012:fileName:fileSize:1:fileContent"

Step 5: Disconnect the TCP connection.

Step 6: If the receiver want to get the other files, repeat step 2 to 6.

</pre>